festivals/planning/bounty-completion-BC0001/001_IMPLEMENT/04_hiero_submission_prep/01_update_plugin_docs.md, before:

---
fest_type: task
fest_id: 01_update_plugin_docs.md
fest_name: update plugin docs
fest_parent: 04_hiero_submission_prep
fest_order: 1
fest_status: pending
fest_autonomy: medium
fest_created: 2026-02-21T17:49:14.794206-07:00
fest_tracking: true
---

# Task: Update Hiero Plugin Documentation

## Objective

Add the two 0G templates (`0g-agent`, `0g-inft-build`) to the hiero-plugin README's templates table and update `docs/submission.md` to include the PR link (once created in task 03).

## Requirements

- [ ] `projects/hiero-plugin/README.md` templates table lists all 5 templates: `hedera-smart-contract`, `hedera-dapp`, `hedera-agent`, `0g-agent`, `0g-inft-build`
- [ ] `projects/hiero-plugin/docs/usage-guide.md` includes usage examples for the 0G templates

## Implementation

### Step 1: Update README templates table

In `projects/hiero-plugin/README.md`, find the templates table (currently lists 3 Hedera templates). Add two rows:

| Template | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| `0g-agent` | Go agent scaffold with 0G Compute, Storage, and EVM client stubs |
| `0g-inft-build` | ERC-7857 iNFT minting scaffold with AES-256-GCM encryption and 0G DA publisher |

### Step 2: Update usage-guide.md

In `projects/hiero-plugin/docs/usage-guide.md`, add a section for 0G templates:

```markdown
### 0G Agent Template

\`\`\`bash
hcli camp init my-0g-agent --template 0g-agent
\`\`\`

Creates a Go project with 0G Compute broker, Storage client, and chain connection pre-configured for Galileo testnet.

### 0G iNFT Build Template

\`\`\`bash
hcli camp init my-inft --template 0g-inft-build
\`\`\`

Creates a Go project for minting ERC-7857 iNFTs with encrypted metadata (AES-256-GCM) and 0G DA integration.
```

## Done When

- [ ] All requirements met
- [ ] README shows 5 templates and usage-guide has working examples for all 5

Commit message:

[OBEY-CAMPAIGN-1f270d35] refactor(BC0001): audit and clean up bounty-completion festival plan
- Remove 02_fix_erc8021_encoding task (already correctly implemented)
- Renumber seq 01 tasks after deletion (7 files renumbered)
- Rework coordinator topic keys task to verify-first approach
- Soften hiero docs task to audit-and-patch instead of rewrite
- Fix stale path in fest.yaml status_history
- Update success criteria: remove done ERC-8021, add missing 0G session auth
- Fix execution order: seq 03 depends on seq 02 (iNFT contract)
- Update task counts and alignment tables across all affected files
- Festival validates 100/100

festivals/planning/bounty-completion-BC0001/001_IMPLEMENT/04_hiero_submission_prep/01_update_plugin_docs.md, after:

---
fest_type: task
fest_id: 01_update_plugin_docs.md
fest_name: update plugin docs
fest_parent: 04_hiero_submission_prep
fest_order: 1
fest_status: pending
fest_autonomy: medium
fest_created: 2026-02-21T17:49:14.794206-07:00
fest_tracking: true
---

# Task: Verify and Patch Hiero Plugin Documentation

## Objective

Verify that the existing hiero-plugin docs (submission.md, architecture.md, usage-guide.md, README.md) accurately describe all 5 templates including the 0G additions, and patch any gaps found. The docs already exist and are substantive — this is an accuracy audit, not a rewrite.

## Requirements

- [ ] `projects/hiero-plugin/README.md` templates table lists all 5 templates: `hedera-smart-contract`, `hedera-dapp`, `hedera-agent`, `0g-agent`, `0g-inft-build`
- [ ] `projects/hiero-plugin/docs/usage-guide.md` includes usage examples for the 0G templates
- [ ] `projects/hiero-plugin/docs/submission.md` accurately describes 0G Track 4 requirements mapping
- [ ] `projects/hiero-plugin/docs/architecture.md` template system section covers 0G templates
- [ ] All commands shown in docs actually work when copy-pasted

## Implementation

### Step 1: Audit existing docs

Read all four docs and cross-reference against the actual template directories in `src/templates/`. Note any inaccuracies, missing templates, or stale references.

### Step 2: Patch gaps

Fix only what is inaccurate or missing. Do not rewrite sections that are already correct. Focus on:
- Template table completeness in README
- 0G template usage examples in usage-guide.md
- Any stale command syntax or file paths

## Done When

- [ ] All requirements met
- [ ] All 5 templates accurately described across all 4 docs
- [ ] No unnecessary rewrites — only targeted patches applied
