festivals/planning/bounty-completion-BC0001/001_IMPLEMENT/05_system_polish/01_coordinator_topic_keys.md, before:

---
fest_type: task
fest_id: 01_coordinator_topic_keys.md
fest_name: coordinator topic keys
fest_parent: 05_system_polish
fest_order: 1
fest_status: pending
fest_autonomy: medium
fest_created: 2026-02-21T17:49:14.811192-07:00
fest_tracking: true
---

# Task: Add Admin/Submit Keys to Coordinator Topic Creation

## Objective

Set admin and submit keys on HCS topic creation in the coordinator so the security model claim in the README matches the actual code.

## Requirements

- [ ] `CreateTopic` in `projects/agent-coordinator/internal/hedera/hcs/topic.go` sets `SetAdminKey` and `SetSubmitKey` on the `TopicCreateTransaction`
- [ ] The coordinator's operator key is used as both the admin and submit key

## Implementation

### Step 1: Find CreateTopic

In `projects/agent-coordinator/internal/hedera/hcs/topic.go`, find the `CreateTopic` method. It currently only calls `SetTopicMemo` on the `hiero.NewTopicCreateTransaction()`.

### Step 2: Add key configuration

Add admin and submit keys to the transaction. The keys should come from the client's operator key:

```go
func (s *TopicService) CreateTopic(ctx context.Context, memo string) (*hiero.TopicID, error) {
    tx := hiero.NewTopicCreateTransaction().
        SetTopicMemo(memo).
        SetAdminKey(s.client.GetOperatorPublicKey()).
        SetSubmitKey(s.client.GetOperatorPublicKey())

    // ... rest of the existing execution logic
}
```

### Step 3: Update tests

In `projects/agent-coordinator/internal/hedera/hcs/topic_test.go`, verify the test still passes. If the test mocks the transaction, update the mock expectations to include the key-setting calls.

## Done When

- [ ] All requirements met
- [ ] `just test` passes in agent-coordinator and `CreateTopic` sets both admin and submit keys

Commit message:

[OBEY-CAMPAIGN-1f270d35] refactor(BC0001): audit and clean up bounty-completion festival plan
- Remove 02_fix_erc8021_encoding task (already correctly implemented)
- Renumber seq 01 tasks after deletion (7 files renumbered)
- Rework coordinator topic keys task to verify-first approach
- Soften hiero docs task to audit-and-patch instead of rewrite
- Fix stale path in fest.yaml status_history
- Update success criteria: remove done ERC-8021, add missing 0G session auth
- Fix execution order: seq 03 depends on seq 02 (iNFT contract)
- Update task counts and alignment tables across all affected files
- Festival validates 100/100

festivals/planning/bounty-completion-BC0001/001_IMPLEMENT/05_system_polish/01_coordinator_topic_keys.md, after:

---
fest_type: task
fest_id: 01_coordinator_topic_keys.md
fest_name: coordinator topic keys
fest_parent: 05_system_polish
fest_order: 1
fest_status: pending
fest_autonomy: medium
fest_created: 2026-02-21T17:49:14.811192-07:00
fest_tracking: true
---

# Task: Verify and Document HCS Topic Key Configuration

## Objective

Verify whether the coordinator's HCS topics require admin/submit keys on Hedera testnet, document the decision, and only add key configuration if tests or testnet behavior require it.

## Context

The architecture doc states: "HCS topic creation uses `TopicCreateTransaction` without a submit key restriction in the current testnet setup." If topics work without submit keys on testnet, adding them could break existing topic IDs. This task verifies the current behavior before making changes.

## Requirements

- [ ] Verify that existing HCS topic message submission works without submit keys on testnet (check coordinator logs or run a test)
- [ ] If submit keys ARE needed: add `HEDERA_TOPIC_SUBMIT_KEY` env loading and pass to HCS client
- [ ] If submit keys are NOT needed: document this decision in `projects/agent-coordinator/docs/architecture.md` with a note explaining the testnet security model
- [ ] Either way, `just test` passes in agent-coordinator

## Implementation

### Step 1: Check current behavior

Run the coordinator's HCS tests or check testnet logs to confirm whether message submission succeeds without submit keys. Look for `INVALID_SIGNATURE` errors in any test output or logs.

### Step 2: Decide based on evidence

- If messages submit successfully without keys → document this is intentional for testnet, skip key addition
- If messages fail with `INVALID_SIGNATURE` → add `HEDERA_TOPIC_SUBMIT_KEY` env var loading to `config/config.go` and pass the key to `TopicCreateTransaction.SetSubmitKey()`

### Step 3: Update docker-compose.yml if keys are added

If adding submit key support, add `HEDERA_TOPIC_SUBMIT_KEY` to the coordinator's environment section in docker-compose.yml.

## Done When

- [ ] All requirements met
- [ ] Decision documented (either "keys not needed on testnet" or "keys added and working")
- [ ] `just test` passes in agent-coordinator
